v2.0.0 (#3)
finegrain-ai/comfyui-finegrain: README.md

![finegrain login](assets/finegrain_login.webp)

> 2. Modify [`config.ini`](config.ini) with your Finegrain API credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once installed (see [below](#installation)), update [`config.ini`](config.ini) with your Finegrain API credentials:
```

```ini
[finegrain]
credentials = myemail@email.com:my_password
priority = low
timeout = 60
```

> [!Note]

> > `credentials` can either be `email:password` or an API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `credentials` can either be `email:password` or an API key, which you can create in Account Settings > New API key
```
